IBX-2886: Help message fields (#1763)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/content_management/pages/page_block_attributes.md

``` yaml
[[= include_file('code_samples/page/custom_page_block/config/packages/nested_attribute.yaml', 9,16) =]] [[= include_file('code_samples/page/custom_page_block/config/packages/nested_attribute.yaml', 19,26) =]]
```

## Help messages for form fields

> With the `help`, `help_attr` and `help_html` field options, you can define help messages for fields in the Page block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `help`, `help_attr`, and `help_html` field options, you can define help messages for fields in the Page block.
```

You can set options with the following configuration:

```yaml
ibexa_fieldtype_page:
    blocks:
        block_name:
            attributes:
                attribute_name:
                    options:
                        help:

>                             text: 'Some exemplary text'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                            text: 'Some example text'
```

                            html: true|false
                            attr:
                                class: 'class1 class2'
```

- `help` - defines a help message which is rendered below the field.
- `help_attr` - sets the HTML attributes for the element which displays the help message.

> - `help_html` - default value: `false`, if set to `true`, the help text is rendered.

Reviewer 2: For `help_html` option I will suggest to use similar description as in the official Symfony documentation e.g.: https://symfony.com/doc/current/reference/forms/types/text.html#help-html

> - `help_html` - set this option to `true` to not escape the contents of the `help` option from rendering them in the template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `help_html` - set this option to `true` to disable escaping the contents of the `help` option when rendering in the template.
```

> - `help_html` - set this option to `true` to not to escape the contents of the `help` option from rendering them in the template.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `help_html` - set this option to `true` to not escape the contents of the `help` option from rendering them in the template.
```

### Help message in nested attributes

> You can set the options for root or nested attribute, see the exemplary configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the options for root or nested attribute, see the example configuration:
```
